#Change environment plugin
##Developement Eccube-Upgrade-Fixer
###Overview
- Research changing to symfony3, silex2 in ec-cube 3.1
- Supply Fork, Eccube-Upgrade-Fixer which support Symfony-Upgrade-Fixer for template developer can upgrade easily. 

###Target
- Fix errors when upgrade.
- Don't sure to handle current version 3.1, because we are supporting handle 3.1.

###FormType
- Change name to class. 
- Change Key value of choices at ChoiceType.
- Change property of EntityType to choince_label.
- Change empty_value of EntityType to placeholder.
- Change type of CollectionType to entry_type
- empty_data's deleting
- ServiceProvider
- Change extend
- Change share
###Exclude
- Change Coding rule, ect...
##Implementing a mechanism to resolve plugin dependencies
###Issue/Request
- If you want to perform a mechanism to resolve plugin dependencies, such as plugin of change the behavior in plugin, dependency of main version and plugin version, Don't have specification to be resolved ####If you want to perform a mechanism to resolve plugin dependencies, such as plugin of change the behavior in plugin, dependency of main version and plugin version, Don't have specification to resolve in application side.
- We want to avoid versions differences of the Core in here, such as logging mechanism in 3.0.12
- Use Composer and Packagist's mechanism when we need to deal with the cases where it can not deal with problems such as publication of source code
###Consider policy
- Have a repository structure at EC - CUBE 's owners store, such as Packagist; and it possible to make dependency resolving on plugins which are provided in the owner' s store.
###Milestone
- If we can realize it, we would like to consider implementing it in 3.0.x

#Ref:
- https://github.com/EC-CUBE/ec-cube/issues/2102
- https://github.com/EC-CUBE/ec-cube/issues/2034